15-Mar-2024

This is my second visit to this project and found it to be very intelligently concieved.

+ The basis of this layer are the schemas. once we know what data we have we can create models which are made to work on that data and can export data specific methods like "getSyllabus" etc.
+ At this layer we build on top of mongoose models and export out own TCode model.
+ Mongoose models are generic but TCode model know the Tcode schema and thus has relevant methods.

### New decision

    I have decided now to include "obtaining data from incomming request" also at this level. Following are my reasons:
        -   The top api level will be very thin and will not have to check the ingoing data/variables. This eliminates a BIG BIG breaking-point. The top level api will just give the "req" object to the tcode model method and the method will know which data to get from it.
        -   Just like the top level api is not cencerned with the ingoing data (into tcode module) it should also not bother about the return value, it will just reformat the outoing response from tcode_module to the user.
        -   Top level api can be used for authentication , http , authorization etc. If i need to add "Roles" that will be added to top level api and not to this tcode_module which is a database level module.
        -   in future Top level api can create more interfaces on this api (like the COMMAND api).
        - Since the only common data-structure between top-level api and tcode_model is express.js "req" object thus i can use any database at the back!!!!.
        - This also simplifies the communication between top level api and the database layer (tcode_moduel) it gives in express.js "req" object and gets back a json which it has to reformat and send to user in express.js response. Reformatting of the json from tcode_module to the top level api can be 1 simple function for all.
        - When the top level api is not responsible for the incomming data into tcode_module (database layer) and just return the formated version of the json returned by database layer, it will be focused on its own taks of authentication , verification and role management.
        - The api is divided into 2 layers 1: database layer 2: http layer with auth role management etc 
